You're watching
The Grinder.
-For justice?
-For justice!
Catch all-new episodes Tuesdays,
and check out
our other Fox programs--
Scream Queens, Empire
and Grandfathered.
This is Edie,
your granddaughter.
Only on Fox.
GRINDER: There's still one thing
that doesn't make sense to me.
The senator's suicide.
But the coroner said...
I know damn well
what the coroner said.
I broke into the morgue
last night.
I re-performed
the autopsy myself.
And I found this.
You want to bet
that this matches the gun
the FBI found
in your apartment?
It's over.
Admit it.
What gave me away?
You... just... did.
That's right. I had
nothing on you, Ivy Dexter,
but a hunch.
And this bullet
that almost took
my life in Macau.
She's all yours, guys.
What?!
Damn you, Grinder!
Damn you!
So, are we gonna
have The Grinder
just on all
the time now?
In 170 countries.
And in none of those countries
do they have a problem
with characters
that just confess for no reason?
I don't think
you understood the plot.
Oh.
Yeah, I probably
didn't get it.
Yeah.
So, The Grinder had
a real dilemma in this one,
'cause he had to lie.
Those scenes really
took it out on me.
Oh, did they?
They took a lot out of you? How
much did they take out of you?
A lot.
A lot?
These scenes took
a lot out of you?
Can't walk in my shoes.
Oh, Dean.
I could see you
struggling with it.
Yeah.
Because he values justice,
but he also values honesty.
And he only lied
to expose the truth.
Which is a good lie.
Exactly.
No!
Not exactly.
It was not a good lie, Ethan.
There's no such
thing as good lies.
Can we please
not use episodes
of The Grinder to teach
life lessons to my kids?
I'm sorry. Would you rather
him learn it on the streets?
I think there are more than
those two options for him,
but if you're
making me choose now,
I would say,
uh, the streets.
I would say the streets.
Streets by a mile.
Stew, hope you don't mind.
I borrowed your robe.
Oh. No. It's all right, Dad.
Just wish you hadn't taken it
while I was still in the shower.
Oh, did you need it?
Yeah. That's...
why I hung it there.
Well, just say
that, Stew.
Okay, yeah,
next time, I'll...
I'll just say it.
Anyway,
thanks for letting me crash
while they paint my house.
You're always
welcome, Dad.
But there is something
we need to talk about.
Yeah, whatever you want.
Thank you.
Oh, thanks.
Yeah, appreciate that.
Last night,
we tried to watch...
Ray Donovan.
Okay.
But we couldn't because
someone deleted it off the DVR.
It wasn't me.
Wasn't me, either.
I hate to be that guy, but maybe
we look to Uncle Dean for this.
DEAN:
Nice try, big fella.
But after what the DVR did to
the traditional ratings model,
I don't touch the damn things.
You heard 'em, Ethan.
Time to fess up, bud.
Do not let her
play you like this.
We're not even upset
about Ray Donovan.
We're a little upset
We're a little upset about it,
but what we're really
upset about is the fact
that you guys are lying
to us right now.
Two siblings locked
in the stalemate of a lifetime,
neither one giving an inch.
Thank you, Dean.
Yes.
Always appreciate
your narration.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, I'm happy to do it.
You know what it reminds me of?
When your dad broke
his bedroom window
and tried to
blame it on me.
Dad, you did that?
No!
That is not at all
what happened.
That's how I remember it.
No.
Your grandfather
just believes your uncle
because he's a better actor.
I always thought you
were a tremendous actor.
You just never gave
yourself enough credit.
Great. Thank you, Dean.
Your father's just bitter
because he got caught.
And then I had to ground him,
and then he missed his prom
or whatever.
It was not my
prom or whatever.
It was the sophomore
overnight field trip.
And you know...
You know what?
Doesn't matter.
Let's just forget about it.
It was a long time ago, so...
But I will tell you this.
If I did break the window,
and I'd been lying about it
this whole time,
I certainly would be big enough
to admit it now.
And how do we know that
that isn't a lie?
All right, kids,
we are not letting you follow
in the footsteps of your uncle,
so, until one of you comes
clean, you're both grounded.
What? Oh, come on.
That's not's fair.
She did it.
Tell him you did it.
Are you kidding me, Ethan?
Two siblings pitted
against each other
in a battle of
consciences.
Who will prevail?
Please stop.
A father... at the
end of his rope.
You broke the window.
Okay, uh, last piece
of business.
There's been a little setback
on the personal injury case.
Rozz/Landy's introduced some new
evidence that we need to go...
Sorry. Which case is this?
It's the one where
the mom tripped on the broken
step in front of the school.
Rozz/Landy's
trying to get out of
paying our client's
medical bills.
They found out she has a
preexisting ankle injury.
How? The client told us that
in confidence.
We don't know, Todd. Sometimes
these things just happen.
Or... do we know?
And these things
don't just happen?
What are you thinking, Deano?
Season six, Episode 13,
"Fire in the Mole."
Ivy Dexter was leaking secrets
to the Santino crime family.
Everyone trusted her.
No one saw it coming...
except me.
Except your character.
Hmm?
Nobody saw it coming
except your character.
You didn't do anything.
You just said the words
they wrote down for you.
DEAN SR.:
No need to nitpick, Stew.
We all knew what he meant.
This is a family law firm.
Rozz/Landy did not plant a mole
to get an edge
on a $900 injury case.
Okay, nobody in this room is
working for the other side.
Mm-hmm.
I'm sorry. Dean, are you
suggesting that it's me?
I'm a mole?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
No one's suggesting anything.
But that said, wow!
A little defensive.
Okay, well, I'm gonna go,
maybe circle back
and look for some witnesses.
STEWART: Thank you, Claire, for
presenting an actual solution.
All right, I'm gonna
run over to the court.
Everyone else have stuff to do?
Tons of stuff.
Very valuable here.
We'll hold down the fort.
Obviously it's Claire, right?
So what are we thinking?
Fire her?
Start beefing up my role here?
Let's not get ahead
of ourselves, Todd.
You got to remember,
one step...
at a time.
One step at a time. Yes.
(whispers):
Stew?
Oh, my God.
Are you sleeping?
Yes, I'm sleeping.
What do you want?
Dean?
Hi, Deb. I need to
talk to you. Hallway.
Are you insane?
Are you a crazy person?
It's the middle of the night.
Two seconds.
I'm... Oh, my God.
Thanks for coming
out in the hall.
Do you not sleep?
This is gonna be
very hard for you to hear,
because I know how much you hate
admitting that you're wrong.
The broken window thing.
You broke the window.
I didn't.
You, Dean,
broke the window.
I didn't bring you out in
the hallway to argue with you.
I have something very important
I want to tell you.
Dean, Claire is not a mole.
Okay, hear me out.
She's a new hire,
she worked for the other side,
she refuses to sleep with me.
Good night, Dean.
It adds up!
It adds way up.
TODD: That bitch
isn't fooling anyone.
Dean and I are onto her.
She's a mole, Murph.
Okay.
Let's see, what
else happened
at work that I can
tell you about?
Oh, another free one.
Thanks, dawg.
You always hook me up.
You know,
you come by here a lot
and you seem to be
a pretty decent guy.
I appreciate that.
I got to tell you
something.
It hasn't been me
buying you these drinks.
It's been them.
Oh!
Hey, Rozz/Landy!
MURPH:
Those lawyers send over shots
to get you drunk,
and then they write down
what you say
about your cases.
What?
MURPH:
Like the other day,
when you were talking about
those medical records.
Then, a couple of weeks ago, you
were talking about that client
that got hit by a car and how
that case went against you.
(echoing):
And, oh, my goodness,
the time you were talking about
that divorce settlement.
I mean, they just kept
feeding you drinks all night.
Dean, I-I need to tell you
something, and it's important.
Well, Todd... you can always
tell me anything.
Because we're friends?
I wouldn't get
hung up on why.
Claire's clean.
She's not the mole.
What? H-How do you know?
Because it was me!
I was yappin' my big,
dumb mouth at the bar,
and Rozz and Landy
heard everything.
I am the leak.
I am so embarrassed.
Do you know what this means?
Yes, that you hate me and
you hate everything about me.
Ugh. No, it's worse.
I was wrong.
We both were wrong.
All right, you need to
promise me something.
Anything.
Stewart can never know.
So I think it's time
we have a frank,
adult conversation.
I just need 20
Can you give me 20?
Turn off the TV.
Isn't that the show
that you two just
got grounded for erasing?
Yeah, it's on demand.
I don't know
what they're so pissed about.
Well, they're pissed
about the lying.
Ethan did it.
Oh, my goodness,
Lizzie did it.
Ethan, you're being
ridiculous right now. It's...
No, I'm not being rid...
You guys are more stubborn
than your dad ever was.
Well, maybe it's because
he's telling the truth
and he didn't
break that window?
Well, Dean didn't break it,
so who the hell did?
I was so wrong
that it made you wrong, too.
Well, it's fine
for you to be wrong.
Everybody expects
you to be wrong.
Sure.
It is not a good look on me.
It's why The Grinder
was never wrong on the show.
Because I could never
believably play it.
It's my one flaw as an actor.
Great news. There's been
a breakthrough in the case.
CLAIRE:
A security camera
caught the fall,
and I got an X-ray
of her ankle
that supports our timeline.
Open and shut.
Wow! That is great
work, Claire.
You've done
something for us
that directly affects Rozz/Landy
in a negative way.
Yes, that was the idea.
Hmm.
CLAIRE: Well, we
should head over there
and put an end
to the whole thing.
Yes.
Todd, could you
give us a second?
It was good talking to you.
Anything you'd like to...
Like to what?
Dean.
Come on, you can admit it.
You were wrong about Claire.
Or...
There is no "or."
She's playing a deeper game
than we thought.
She absolutely is not.
Dean, you don't have to
double down on this.
Just admit it. You were...
Not thorough enough.
I was not thorough enough.
Thank you.
That was a great note.
And...
...freeze.
The step
was... broken.
Stuberto.
(exhales)
Coming in with a last-minute
case closer, Grinder-style.
(chuckles)
Look at you, bud.
Proud of you, big dog.
Thank you, Pat.
That means so much.
We'll come by
with the settlement tomorrow.
Make sure
that settlement includes
all medical expenses, plus fees.
Ooh, what a team.
He's got the video,
she comes in with
the legalese.
It's really working, huh?
Yeah. Sorry we had to steal
her away from you guys.
Well, they didn't exactly
steal me. I wanted out.
Desperately.
You two are terrible.
I hear you.
And we're working on that.
But we were a little chapped
when you left,
so that's why we took
advantage of your boy.
Uh... what do you
mean? Who's my boy?
Todd. At the bar.
Not proud of it.
No.
Thinking back,
not our finest moment,
because, dude,
we respect you. We do.
We just don't show it.
No hard feelings,
right?
STEWART:
Rozz and Landy say hi.
Oh, uh, cool, cool. Uh...
Tell 'em I said what's up.
Todd.
I'm sorry, okay?
I wanted to let you know,
I swear, but Dean
wouldn't let me.
Dean knew?
No...
Dean... knew it was you,
but he couldn't admit it.
Don't be mad at Dean. This is
all my fault. Don't be mad...
Listen to me, listen to me.
You have to promise me
something.
Anything.
You can't let Dean know
that I know he knows.
I will not let-let Dean
know that you know that...
Don't let Dean know
that I know he knows.
Got it. I'm not
involved in that.
Dean, you... Dean.
Right.
Okay.
Say it back to me.
Don't let Dean knows that
you know that I know...
No, no.
Dean knows he doesn't know.
You can't let Dean know...
that I know he knows.
I promise. I prom...
Are you sure?
'Cause you just let me know
that Dean knows.
Oh, I see what
you're saying. Oh.
Right? So you have to do
the opposite
and not let Dean know
that I know he knows.
Got it.
You got it?
All right, good, good.
I'm not gonna repeat it
back to you, but I got it.
I think I would feel better
if you just said it once
back to me that it was clear.
Okay, I'm gonna be you
and repeat it back to you.
No, don't just repeat my words,
say it in your own words,
so I know
that you got the message.
But if I do it as
me, then all the...
But you say it in your own...
...pronouns, the
pronouns change.
Again, to review,
you need to know
not to let Dean know
that I know.
You see?
Okay.
Wait, why?
Because I'm gonna make
The Grinder admit he was wrong.
Thanks so much
for your hospitality.
Oh, Dad, stay any time.
They love having us.
Oh, we really do.
Guys, if I could have
your attention.
I have to get something
off my chest,
and it's been
really tearing me up.
I think I may have deleted
Ray Donovan.
Oh, Ethan, you did?
ETHAN:
I don't specifically
remember doing it, but...
I think I may have done it
by accident.
And if there's one thing I know,
Lizzie wouldn't do this to me,
lie like this
and let me go down
for something I didn't do.
Because she's my sister.
Wait.
What's going on?
I did it, okay?
I deleted Ray Donovan
by mistake.
Got her!
What? You were faking?
I was acting.
There's a difference.
Right, Uncle Dean?
There sure is.
Okay, well, you're both
still in trouble for lying.
So just, you know,
take it back upstairs
and we'll talk
about this later.
(scoffs)
I don't believe this.
Ethan, you better
watch your back.
Wait, what-what
just happened?
That was quite a
piece of acting.
Yeah.
Thanks. When I was deep in it,
I actually believed
I was guilty.
Yeah, I saw flashes of that.
But I also saw
some false moments.
Okay, I'll work on that.
Well, you'll have
a lot of time in your room.
Let's go. Come on.
STEWART:
I'm very alarmed
that Ethan can make himself cry
so believably.
Oh, I know. That's new.
But it worked.
Got Lizzie to confess.
God, I wish I would've thought
of that back in high school.
You know, missing
that sophomore field trip
extended my virginity
another 18 months.
Oh, yeah? You've done that math
a couple times?
Uh-huh.
So Ethan actually guilted
Lizzie into confessing.
Oh, no.
I see where this is going,
and I think you should stop.
I can break him. I got it.
You think so?
Yeah. Look at Ethan.
Ethan got results.
Okay. Yeah.
I can't cry like him, but...
I can break him Deb.
I got it!
Good luck.
(sighs)
What are you doing in here?
Oh, hi.
I'm just really distraught.
And sad.
What's going on?
I fired Claire tonight.
Really?
Yeah.
She did not take it well.
Probably the...
hardest thing
I've ever had to do.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Um, you did the right thing.
I had to do it.
You were so sure about her.
(sighs)
You couldn't be wrong.
Right.
Yeah.
Probably also gonna...
have to report her to the bar.
Oh. Have to.
That means she won't be able
to practice law anymore.
Her career will be... ruined.
A fitting end.
Just want to make sure
you're okay with that.
(inhales deeply)
Yeah.
I'm gonna go and sleep.
Like a baby.
Oh, come on!
You talked to Todd.
Well, what exactly
are you asking me, Stewart?
Are you asking if Todd told me
that you know that I know?
I knew that guy couldn't
keep his mouth shut.
Aw, brother,
Todd didn't tell me anything.
You... just... did.
Hey.
Could I ask you something?
Yeah. Sure.
Sorry, I was sleeping.
Why did you confess earlier?
I don't know. I felt bad
Ethan was getting punished.
Yeah, but they didn't have
anything on you.
I mean, y-you could've
taken that to your grave.
You could've just
lied to yourself
until you believed it.
I hear that... works for people.
But then I would've
been totally trapped.
Like you with
the window.
Like your dad with the window.
Remember, he's the liar there.
Right. Sorry.
ROZZ:
So our client will pay
medical bills
and attorney fees.
And in return, you agree
that no one is at fault.
CLAIRE:
We can agree to that.
Uh, sorry, hold on.
Someone was at fault.
And when someone
is at fault...
they should be
held responsible.
Stewart, that's not
what we discussed.
This world is filled with people
like your client,
who think they don't have
to take responsibility
for what they do.
When someone's wrong,
they should admit
that they're wrong.
I'm a tad confused.
Yeah.
Shouldn't Grinder do
the big speeches?
Don't mind if I do.
I have an announcement to make,
and it's gonna shock
a lot of people.
Stewart isn't talking
about the case.
He's talking about me.
And the fact
that I've been
living a lie
for most of my life.
The truth is, I...
broke the window.
Oh, my God. He admitted it.
After all these years.
I'm sorry I lied.
I'm sorry that you had to miss
that field trip.
You definitely didn't deserve
to have your virginity
dragged out like that.
Ah, we don't have to talk
about... I'm fine now.
But mostly, I'm sorry...
that it took so long
for me to say I'm sorry.
It's okay, Dean.
Nice to hear you say it now.
(chuckles softly)
Okay.
I'm sorry, too, Stew.
I should've believed you.
(chuckles)
Feels kind of weird
being here for this.
Yeah. We're done here, right?
Uh, yes.
We are, uh... we're done.
No, we're not.
There's one more confession
you need to hear.
It's also gonna shock
a lot of people probably.
I... was the mole.
Todd, literally every person
in this room knows that.
Yeah, you told me
to my face.
I think I got it in an e-mail.
We made you the mole.
You were our mole.
You knew?
I did. I did know, Todd.
Okay, never mind.
Next time, I'll
think of something.
I'm sorry that I just
wasted everybody's time.
Tired of fixing things
for people who don't deserve it.
All right.
Wait. Hold on.
So-so Ray was telling the
truth the whole time?
(groans)
I'm sorry.
I'm completely lost.
Lizzie, this is what happens
when you miss an episode.
Okay, I already said
I was sorry.
I'm not gonna feel bad
about it anymore.
I know exactly how you feel.
Yes, you do, son,
and I'm proud of you.
Yes, Dean, we're all
very proud of you
for admitting something
you did 20 years ago.
You're really not mad
at Dean for lying to you?
Eh, he did what he had to do
to get out of trouble.
Can't fault him for that.
I would argue
that you can fault him.
Yeah, you can fault
him for that. Yeah.
He's your son.
He lied to you for 20 years.
You faulted me for the same
thing for, like... Yeah.
Water under the bridge, Stew.
You can't say
it's water under the bridge.
I say it's water under the
bridge. I'm the wronged party.
"Water under the bridge."
Glad you're okay with it.
I haven't felt this good
in years.
This whole
clean conscience thing,
I-I could...
I could get used to it.
Well, Dean, I mean,
your conscience is
still-still a little dirty.
What do you mean?
Well, your uncle was wrong
about the whole
Claire-mole nonsense.
We were both wrong.
What was Dad
wrong about?
Your dad said
that there was no mole
when, in fact, there was one.
Oh, right. Okay.
There was no mole.
Wasn't Todd the mole?
(scoffs) I mean,
yes, I guess...
Yeah, Todd was...
a-a kind of a mole.
And that makes you...
I was wrong.
And I was wrong about
the mole's name.
So... I guess
it's kind of a tie.
Is that what you need to tell
yourself to move on from this?
Yes. Yes, it is.
Would you
un-pause that?
Sure.
RAY DONOVAN:
It's got to change.
Who's that?
ALL: Ray Donovan!
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH